Subreddit,Post Title,Comment
Damnthatsinteresting,"BBC reporter randomly asking if they remember the 1976 FA Cup match, ends up asking the Liverpool goalkeeper who played in it (wholesome)",Love how his face lit up when he said he played in it!
Damnthatsinteresting,"BBC reporter randomly asking if they remember the 1976 FA Cup match, ends up asking the Liverpool goalkeeper who played in it (wholesome)","306 appearances for Liverpool and 3 caps for Scotland, sadly passed away 3 years ago."
Damnthatsinteresting,"BBC reporter randomly asking if they remember the 1976 FA Cup match, ends up asking the Liverpool goalkeeper who played in it (wholesome)",gotta love that...old fella enjoys that memory
Damnthatsinteresting,"BBC reporter randomly asking if they remember the 1976 FA Cup match, ends up asking the Liverpool goalkeeper who played in it (wholesome)","Well, of course I know him. He's me."
Damnthatsinteresting,"BBC reporter randomly asking if they remember the 1976 FA Cup match, ends up asking the Liverpool goalkeeper who played in it (wholesome)",This is the best thing I’ve seen in a LONG TIME
videos,Former Liverpool Goalkeeper Tommy Lawrence passed away today. A couple of years ago a BBC reporter interviewed him without knowing who he was - such a heartwarming video,You can see the glow in his eyes when asked about the match. RIP Tommy
videos,Former Liverpool Goalkeeper Tommy Lawrence passed away today. A couple of years ago a BBC reporter interviewed him without knowing who he was - such a heartwarming video,"Sad to hear it. I really enjoyed this video the first time I saw it. There is something about seeing old people remember their youth that is really charming. I think it as much about seeing them remember things, and the joy they get out of those memories, as much as it is actually hearing the stories. "
videos,Former Liverpool Goalkeeper Tommy Lawrence passed away today. A couple of years ago a BBC reporter interviewed him without knowing who he was - such a heartwarming video,"The light in his eyes reminds me of my Grandad Jim. Whenever he talked about old memories watching his club (Stoke City) his eyes would light up in exactly the same way. When the club knocked down the old stadium in 1997 he entered the site posing as a workman, hi-vis jacket, toolbox and all, and took his old season ticket seat that he had sat in every Saturday for the last 30 years. He died a few years ago, but the seat still has pride of place in his front garden. "
videos,Former Liverpool Goalkeeper Tommy Lawrence passed away today. A couple of years ago a BBC reporter interviewed him without knowing who he was - such a heartwarming video,[Here's a follow up interview](https://youtu.be/FVYQvOt64GE) with him after that clip went viral.
videos,Former Liverpool Goalkeeper Tommy Lawrence passed away today. A couple of years ago a BBC reporter interviewed him without knowing who he was - such a heartwarming video,What an adorable fella. Rest in peace mate.
soccer,Real Madrid [2]-1 Liverpool : Bale 64' (Champions League final),HE DID NOT JUST FUCKING SCORE THAT 
soccer,Real Madrid [2]-1 Liverpool : Bale 64' (Champions League final),Three cows died fo this
soccer,Real Madrid [2]-1 Liverpool : Bale 64' (Champions League final),oh no he didn't
soccer,Real Madrid [2]-1 Liverpool : Bale 64' (Champions League final),#WHAT THE FUCK 2 YEARS IN A ROW
soccer,Real Madrid [2]-1 Liverpool : Bale 64' (Champions League final),AND THAT IS CONTENDER FOR GOAL OF THE SEASON
MadeMeSmile,BBC reporter unknowingly interviews 1967 Liverpool goalkeeper,His eyes lit up.
MadeMeSmile,BBC reporter unknowingly interviews 1967 Liverpool goalkeeper,They should put his expression in the dictionary under proud and happy. Lovely seeing him recalling all the memories.
MadeMeSmile,BBC reporter unknowingly interviews 1967 Liverpool goalkeeper,Rip Tommy.
MadeMeSmile,BBC reporter unknowingly interviews 1967 Liverpool goalkeeper,Tommy Laurence. Know this your beautiful bro peace and love ❤️
MadeMeSmile,BBC reporter unknowingly interviews 1967 Liverpool goalkeeper,I love how his eyes light up
MovieDetails,"In Pirates of the Caribbean: Dead Men Tell No Tales (2017), Captain Jack Sparrow meets his Uncle Jack, played by Paul McCartney. Uncle Jack is singing Maggie Mae, a traditional Liverpool folk song from the early 1700’s that was famously recorded by the Beatles for their 1970 album Let It Be",A skeleton walks into a bar and orders a beer and a mop
MovieDetails,"In Pirates of the Caribbean: Dead Men Tell No Tales (2017), Captain Jack Sparrow meets his Uncle Jack, played by Paul McCartney. Uncle Jack is singing Maggie Mae, a traditional Liverpool folk song from the early 1700’s that was famously recorded by the Beatles for their 1970 album Let It Be",Haha and his father was played by Keith Richards in At Worlds End. That’s pretty cool both McCartney and Richards played relatives of his.
MovieDetails,"In Pirates of the Caribbean: Dead Men Tell No Tales (2017), Captain Jack Sparrow meets his Uncle Jack, played by Paul McCartney. Uncle Jack is singing Maggie Mae, a traditional Liverpool folk song from the early 1700’s that was famously recorded by the Beatles for their 1970 album Let It Be",Not to be confused with the contemporary song Maggie May by Rod Stewart
MovieDetails,"In Pirates of the Caribbean: Dead Men Tell No Tales (2017), Captain Jack Sparrow meets his Uncle Jack, played by Paul McCartney. Uncle Jack is singing Maggie Mae, a traditional Liverpool folk song from the early 1700’s that was famously recorded by the Beatles for their 1970 album Let It Be",I didn’t know that was Paul. Wow
MovieDetails,"In Pirates of the Caribbean: Dead Men Tell No Tales (2017), Captain Jack Sparrow meets his Uncle Jack, played by Paul McCartney. Uncle Jack is singing Maggie Mae, a traditional Liverpool folk song from the early 1700’s that was famously recorded by the Beatles for their 1970 album Let It Be",This is Salazars Revenge?
