Subreddit,Post Title,Comment
templarknight,"With respect, Tottenham are pork ham cheese ",Cheers pal
FantasyPL, TOTTENHAM XI VS RANGERS IN THE EUROPA LEAGUE,"Solanke, Kulu, and Sarr rested"
FantasyPL, TOTTENHAM XI VS RANGERS IN THE EUROPA LEAGUE,"Rest well, Solanke"
FantasyPL, TOTTENHAM XI VS RANGERS IN THE EUROPA LEAGUE,*The Rangers
FantasyPL, TOTTENHAM XI VS RANGERS IN THE EUROPA LEAGUE,4 - 0 👉 Tottenham.
FantasyPL, TOTTENHAM XI VS RANGERS IN THE EUROPA LEAGUE,Gray or Bissouma CB?
coys,[The Athletic] Will Tottenham stick with Postecoglou?,"Really good episode if people here can get past the clickbait title. Lots of good points made, specifically one about it really hurting Ange long-term and almost confusing him and how he thinks about football and this club by the City game last year and the fanbase actually wanting them to win. 

A really good quote from here:

**""The prize of Tottenham being consistent and replicating their good days is so big, that it's worth buying a ticket for - it's worth paying a price to see if you can get there""**

Almost feels crazy how accurately that sums up how I feel."
coys,[The Athletic] Will Tottenham stick with Postecoglou?,I’ve decided the majority of sports journalism and punditry does not add to my enjoyment of football or Spurs. There’s simply not that much to talk about in between the games
coys,[The Athletic] Will Tottenham stick with Postecoglou?,"A kind of stupid, click-baity title. Eccleshire, Akinwolere, and Pitt-Brooke with a pretty good episode imo. It's a pretty honest assessment."
coys,[The Athletic] Will Tottenham stick with Postecoglou?,Always good to hear from Eccleshare. 
coys,[The Athletic] Will Tottenham stick with Postecoglou?,"I’m just so tired of constant managerial hiring periods, promises of things changing when the new manager comes in, and then never having the patience to see out any of those changes. 

It’s a never ending cycle that gets exhausting."
coys,[Dan Kilpatrick] Tottenham launch review of medical department after ‘worst ever’ injury crisis,"That's fine but the problem really is that we are running the same 15 odd players into the ground twice a week, injuries are inevitable. And every successive injury means the healthy players have to run more."
coys,[Dan Kilpatrick] Tottenham launch review of medical department after ‘worst ever’ injury crisis,Highest amount of intense sprinting in the league will do this. But the re-injury frequency is troubling. Why are they being cleared to play
coys,[Dan Kilpatrick] Tottenham launch review of medical department after ‘worst ever’ injury crisis,"We’ve joked about this forever but it’s extremely unlikely they are at all to blame. It’s not like they’re doing surgeries there - they’re always sent to top hospitals for that. Minor changes can probably be made to rehab protocols. 

But this just feels like deflection. We’re trying to play the most aggressive football in the most aggressive league. We need support. Tired of the finger pointing. It’s getting desperate."
coys,[Dan Kilpatrick] Tottenham launch review of medical department after ‘worst ever’ injury crisis,"It's just a part of the modern game and sports science. Hits different teams differently at times. Sure, we play high tempo and are likely see more than some, but it's not typically that drastically different. 

Yes, we've had a lot of injuries but also often similar things for similar players. Sess and his thigh, mVdV now recurring a hammy, Richi now dead, Coco for years being unable to stay on the pitch (with and after us), GLC, etc. 

AND....many other teams have had this, too. Surely there are degrees, but we're trying to explain it by this type of with hunt, or blaming poch's style for years. Or now blaming Ange's style. Yep, tempo could have something to do with it, but then why isn't Sonny hurt all the time? How was PEH able to stay so healthy through it all? How was...nevermind I don't want to fix anyone else..but you get the point. 

Someone last year was saying how ""we have so many hamstring injuries it's got to be the system"" but then we looked at injury reports and at least 5 other teams had as many or more hamstring and thigh injuries as we did. 

We certainly haven't been lucky in this regard but to blame a single system or manager is a fools errand. It's just the modern game and goes in waves. We literally ask these guys to operate at the edges of human physical feasibilities, things are going to happen. But if we find something to fix what fails us, great, why not. Otherwise let's stop grasping at straws and just invest in squad depth so guys get a rest."
coys,[Dan Kilpatrick] Tottenham launch review of medical department after ‘worst ever’ injury crisis,"It's about time, hearing it's the 2nd one this year but in truth this should already be done after Skipp's horrific recovery from a minor injury. I have no idea how he ended up going from ""predicted to be back in a couple weeks"" to catching some mysterious infection to then not coming back to football for over a year. And these examples of players' fitness totally collapsing under Spurs goes beyond just one case. Richarlison, Sess, Lamela, Lo Celso, Kane's ankles - aside from Sess who didn't play enough games in the top flight to decide whether he's injury prone or not, none of these players had any sort of fitness issues before joining us (or in Kane's case, he had next to no injuries once he got treatment privately) but here they were unavailable half the time. 

I'm sure Ange's system contributes to that too, same as his decision to rush back our CB's but it's been the same issue under different managers that some players just don't properly recover at all and it happens more often here than at other big 6 teams."
soccer,Major trophies won since Tottenham’s EFL Cup in 2008 ,"**This is a stats thread. Remember that there's only one stat post allowed per match/team, so new stats about the same will be removed. Feel free to comment other stats as a reply to this comment so users can see them too!**


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/soccer) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
soccer,Major trophies won since Tottenham’s EFL Cup in 2008 ,hate to be THAT guy but Manchester United  and Portsmouth should have the trophies won in 2008 included since Tottenham won the league cup in Feb of 2008.
soccer,Major trophies won since Tottenham’s EFL Cup in 2008 ,"Oooooooooh, do Newcastle! Since 1955? Please"
soccer,Major trophies won since Tottenham’s EFL Cup in 2008 ,"I don’t remember Liverpool winning two European trophies, which ones are included? Feels weird to include super cup or club World Cup but not the other, both are of equal relevance IMO (and both considered not major)"
soccer,Major trophies won since Tottenham’s EFL Cup in 2008 ,Hang it in the louvre
