Subreddit,Post Title,Comment
comics,Funny Labs #17 Funny revelation. [OC],The resistance grows
comics,Funny Labs #17 Funny revelation. [OC],The Snot Thickens
dank_meme,"Funny, not funny.
",[removed]
dank_meme,"Funny, not funny.
",My mother used to say something similar when people would ask why there is a 9 year age gap between me and my younger brother.
dank_meme,"Funny, not funny.
","Also, one doesn't need to have had miscarriages for that to be an inappropriate question. Women aren't baby factories and don't owe the world that. And if they do want children, that's their own decision"
dank_meme,"Funny, not funny.
",Skill issue
dank_meme,"Funny, not funny.
","Minding their own business, a very truly rare virtue.

Imagine thinking a woman is even somewhat defined by what offspring they can provide."
Target,Funny?!?!hummm...but not funny Haha...but funny Ahaaa🤔🤔🤔,"??? Yes.  The same way it does now.  Have you looked at your sick time accrual each week?  You would be getting less than one hour earned a week if you work less than 30 hours.

It is still an improvement over what you get now.  Assuming your state had a sick plan where it used to take more than 30 hours to earn 1 hour of sick time."
GreatBritishMemes,So funny 😂,Even funnier if they’re slagging their own work off because they’ve forgotten.
GreatBritishMemes,So funny 😂,For real 😂
GreatBritishMemes,So funny 😂,"Funny I live in a Flat under housing association I haven't had a workmen of late It's a young woman bless her but you know what......she does exactly the same 

The previous work men just make her job longer by the sound of things"
GreatBritishMemes,So funny 😂,We had an electrician make a special point about how well the wiring was done (during previous occupants' time) and how someone had really taken the time to do it right. How sure can I be that it must have been him?
GreatBritishMemes,So funny 😂,"To be fair... Why're you getting the other guy in at all if the previous one did such a stellar job? If they were good, surely you'd go back to that first one, aye? :P"
FunnyDogVideos,Funny Pet's..,The sheep was a jerk!
FunnyDogVideos,Funny Pet's..,"Omg the Shiba Inu and their nails being cut. So dramatic, I love it."
OutoftheTombs,Thursday's Funnies,Love it!
OutoftheTombs,Thursday's Funnies,I love this so much 😂
OutoftheTombs,Thursday's Funnies,"I see you, Ammit."
OutoftheTombs,Thursday's Funnies,Haha :D
TheCure,Funny Cure.,I just love him.
TheCure,Funny Cure.,"Anyone else remember the MTV skit that came out around the time of Disintegration where there were home remodelers (?) walking through the cave set of “Lovesong”’s video, telling Robert that this and that needed to be fixed, because it was leaking and not up to code? He just kept responding telling them that it was fine and not to fix it? 

It might actually have been Robert himself in the skit. This would have been early 90s."
TheCure,Funny Cure.,Are there tour dates set? Does anyone know?
Sims4,This is diabolically funny,Wacky 90s sitcom plot!
Sims4,This is diabolically funny,"Sister Act 4? 
Also what is this about occult dwelling O.o..."
Sims4,This is diabolically funny,"Check neighborhood stories. One of them might have married him.

If not neighborhood stories next place to look is mccc if you have that.

Both will marry someone and move them in if you don’t have the right settings."
Sims4,This is diabolically funny,They can't afford Whoopi Goldberg for the third movie.
Sims4,This is diabolically funny,"Without mods, you could enroll a bunch of nuns to a university, and have them all live in a university dormitory of your choice (your can make one anywhere) that has filters based on gender (look into the different options when editing the lot).

One advice: pick a lot that is next to a grill so Sims can cook when they need to. Dormitories don't allow to have cookers/stoves."
Standup,Being funny in normal life vs. Being funny onstage ,Are you trying to be a joke guy or a story guy? Sounds like you need to try being a story guy if you're not.
Standup,Being funny in normal life vs. Being funny onstage ,It’s a lot harder to be intentionally funny to audience with expectations. Seinfeld had a great quote about it but I’m too lazy to look it up.
Standup,Being funny in normal life vs. Being funny onstage ,"It's a completely different thing. It's almost like saying, ""Usian Bolt is the fastest man on the planet, he'd make a hell of a football player.""

If you're *that"" kind of funny, you might want to try improv or even acting."
Standup,Being funny in normal life vs. Being funny onstage ,"Watch interviews with comedians. All of them will talk about having friends that are way funnier than they are when hanging out.

Being funny with your friends has zero relationship to being a comedian. I have several friends who crush it on stage and have moved from open mics to paid gigs. They're depressing and unfunny to be around off stage most of the time. 

My point is you can make your friends and family laugh, but that doesn't mean you'll be funny on stage and ever be a comedian. And you can be a successful comedian on stage and be miserable to be around."
Standup,Being funny in normal life vs. Being funny onstage ,"I feel ya. Ultimately they are different muscles IMO. Stand up is basically an act meant to appear spontaneous. 

Maybe try to do a whole crowd work 5min. (Have prepared jokes, for obvious answers to the questions ask). 

This can just make the whole thing feel way looser and more out of control."
SurreyBC,Funny typo,That's not a typo.
SurreyBC,Funny typo,How many times is this gonna be posted
SurreyBC,Funny typo,Next block provides all the answers /s
SurreyBC,Funny typo,You had ONE job to do ☹️☹️
