Subreddit,Post Title,Comment
LadiesOfWrestling,Chelsea Green,"Make sure to follow our community guidelines and use the report option to flag posts and comments for mods to review. Posting paid content will lead to a ban. 

**[Get user flair](https://redd.it/gpcgdy)**

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/LadiesOfWrestling) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
soccermemes,Prime Chelsea 💙,Prime Chelsea is the 2005 team that only conceded 15 goals in a prem season…
soccermemes,Prime Chelsea 💙,For a second I thought that was Modric at LAM 💀
soccermemes,Prime Chelsea 💙,That’s not prime Chelsea though
soccermemes,Prime Chelsea 💙,What happened to mendy? Such a great keeper coming from an Arsenal fan
soccermemes,Prime Chelsea 💙,The Chelsea 04/05 was better
chelseafc,Chelsea Mongolian Supporter's Club at the game.,"Thats awesome, hope they all had a great time and stayed warm."
chelseafc,Chelsea Mongolian Supporter's Club at the game.,represent 🇲🇳🇲🇳🇲🇳
chelseafc,Chelsea Mongolian Supporter's Club at the game.,Proper fuckin Chels
chelseafc,Chelsea Mongolian Supporter's Club at the game.,This is what footballs all about
chelseafc,Chelsea Mongolian Supporter's Club at the game.,Over land and sea AND MONGOLIA
footballmemes,Prime Chelsea 💙,This was genuinely a stacked defense
footballmemes,Prime Chelsea 💙,This is definitely not prime Chelsea
footballmemes,Prime Chelsea 💙,From Edou Mendy to Rob Sanchez is such a downgrade .
FifaCareers,My favourite Chelsea player,-1 undefined undefined. What a player!
FantasyPL,Chelsea XI vs FC Astana,Had to reread this image 3 times to see if it actually was Chelsea
FantasyPL,Chelsea XI vs FC Astana,They have 3 teams now wth
FantasyPL,Chelsea XI vs FC Astana,Is Rak-Sakyi essential?
FantasyPL,Chelsea XI vs FC Astana,Just when you thought the youngest team in the premier league couldn't get any younger
FantasyPL,Chelsea XI vs FC Astana,12 youth players damm
